### Well hello there!

This repository is meant to provide an example for *forking* a repository on GitHub.

Creating a *fork* is producing a personal copy of someone else's project. Forks act as a sort of bridge between the original repository and your personal copy. You can submit *Pull Requests* to help make other people's projects better by offering your changes up to the original project. Forking is at the core of social coding at GitHub.

After forking this repository, you can make some changes to the project, and submit [a Pull Request](https://github.com/octocat/Spoon-Knife/pulls) as practice.

For some more information on how to fork a repository, [check out our guide, "Forking Projects""](http://guides.github.com/overviews/forking/). Thanks! :sparkling_heart:

work has been proceeding in order to bring perfection to the crudely conceived idea of a transmission that would not only supply inverse reactive current for use in unilateral phase detractors, but would also be capable of automatically synchronizing cardinal grammeters. Now basically the only new principle involved is that instead of power being generated by the relative motion of conductors and fluxes, it's produced by the modial interaction of magneto-reluctance and capacitive diractance. The original machine had a base plate of pre-famulated amulite surmounted by a malleable logarithmic casing in such a way that the two spurving bearings were in a direct line with the panametric fan. The latter consisted simply of six hydrocoptic marzlevanes, so fitted to the ambifacient lunar waneshaft that side fumbling was effectively prevented. The main winding was of the normal lotus-o-delta type placed in panendermic semi-boloid slots of the stator, every seventh conductor being connected by a non-reversible tremie pipe to the differential girdle spring on the "up" end of the grammeters.
